This is a custom u-boot version to experiment with spartan 3e starter kit.

This branch is using from https://github.com/xilinx/u-boot-xlnx tag xilinx-v14.7 as reference.

Please install Xilinx ISE/EDK 14.7 to create FPGA configuration. Installing Xilinx ISE/EDK will also provide GNU compiler collection for microblaze target.

After cloning this repository you can compile u-boot with:

$make microblaze-generic

Currently spartan 3e start kit can boot from u-boot without problem:

Serial device IO via UART, Interrupt handler, Timer initialization, GPIO access(accessing buttons and LEDs) are working.

Work in Progress:
	Ethernet needs testing.
	Flash memory access need further debugging.
	
HOW TO RUN U-BOOT

Use Xilinx EDK 14.7 to create following microblaze platform:

1. New project with PLB interconnect
2. Select Spartan 3E Starter Board Rev-D
3. Single processor system
4. Microblaze 50Mhz with 16Kb local memory
5. Peripheral configuration
	5.1 Add xps_timer peripheral, make sure to enable user interrupt.
	5.2 Select RS232_DCE, select baudrate to 115200, enable interupt.
6. Enable instruction and data caches with 2kb with DDR_SDRAM option

If you want to customize your system:
	After creating the platform export design to SDK. Within SDK create new board support package for the platform. This will create a new xparameters.h. You will need to modify xparameters.h for some defined values to be understood by u-boot. Please refer to board/xilinx/microblaze-generic/xparameters.h file to example modifications.

Connect RS232 DCE port of spartan 3e board to your PC via USB to serial converter and open a terminal program such as  minicom in Linux and make sure to set baudrate to 115200.
After programming Spartan 3E FPGA with system's bit file, microblaze can be accessed via XMD console and u-boot binary can be loaded into SDRAM with following commands:

XMD% connect mb mdm
XMD% dow -data /parth_to_u-boot.bin 0x44000000
XMD% con 0x44000000

After running con command, u-boot boot messages will appear in the terminal screen.

